# AWS Hub and Spoke Architecture with AWS Transit Gateway - Example: Central Inspection

This example centralizes the traffic inspection and egress traffic within the same VPC, with a central Inspection VPC with public subnets. The following resources are built:

- Built by the **Hub and Spoke module**:
  - AWS Transit Gateway.
  - AWS Transit Gateway Route Tables: 1 Inspection, 2 Spokes (production and non-production).
  - Transit Gateway routes.
  - Inspection VPC - with public subnets for Internet access.
  - AWS Network Firewall (and routes in the Inspection VPC to the firewall endpoints).
- Built outside the module:
  - 3 VPCs: 2 production, and 1 non-production.
  - AWS Network Firewall policy and rule groups - check the *policy.tf* file.
  - EC2 instances, and VPC endpoints in each Spoke VPC.
  - IAM role used for the EC2 instances to access AWS Systems Manager.

If you simply want to review the infrastructure without any workloads, remove/comment the last three modules in the *main.tf* file - remember to also remove/comment the outputs.

## Deployment instructions

* First, you need to deploy the AWS Transit Gateway, Managed Prefix List, and Spoke VPCs. When creating the VPCs (both Spoke and Central ones), Terraform needs those resources created beforehand - `terraform apply -target="module.hub-and-spoke.aws_ec2_transit_gateway.tgw" -target="aws_ec2_managed_prefix_list.network_prefix_list" -target="module.spoke_vpcs"`.
* Once the resources are created, you can finish and apply the rest of the resources - `terraform apply`.
* Once you finish your testing remember to delete the resources to avoid having unexpected charges - `terraform destroy`.

